# boilerplate-webpack-babel

> Boilerplate for ES6 project with Webpack, Babel and Karma

This boilerplates provides:
 - ☑︎ ES6 through Babel
 - ☑︎ Webpack modularization
 - ☑︎ JS code minification
 - ☑︎ JS map files
 - JS polyfills
 - JS code splitting (and arbitrary injection)
 - JS testing via mocha + karma
 - JS code coverage
 - ☑︎ JS code linting
 - HTML code generation via templates
 - ☑︎ CSS autoprefixer for compatibility
 - ☑︎ CSS generation from .less, .scss and .sass files
 - ☑︎ CSS minification
 - ☑︎ CSS map files
 - ☑︎ Images loader via file-loader and url-loader
 - ☑︎ Hot Module Replacement for development
 -

### Development Setup

```bash
# install dependencies
$ yarn

# dev mode (start server with hot module replacement)
$ yarn start

# test
$ yarn test

# production build
$ yarn build
```

### Basic Folder Structure
 - **coverage/**: This folder is created automatically when running the tests. _Not included in the git repository_
 - **build/**: Here's the code generated by the `build` command. _Not included in the git repository_
 - **public/**: Static files to use in production. This files and folders will be copied directly to `build` when the build is done.
 - **src/**: Project source code.
   - **styles/**: less/sass files to use for generating css.
   - **js/**: Source files of the JavaScript code.
   - **html/** HTML templates to generate static html through [handlebars](http://handlebarsjs.com/).
 - **test/**:
   - **specs/**: List of unit tests for the project.
- **scripts/**: Needed scripts used for OPS will be here.
 - **webpack/**: Files with detailed configurations loaded by the base `webpack.config.js`.
 - **karma.conf.js**: Configuration for _Karma_ execution.
 - **postcss.config.js**: Configuration for the _postcss_ webpack plugin.
 - **webpack.config.js**: Base _Webpack_ configuration.
 - **package.json**: Project _package.json_.
 - **yarn.lock**: Internal file used by _yarn_ (faster than _npm_).
 - **README.md**: This file.
 - **.gitignore**: List of ignored files for the _git_ cvs.
 - **.babelrc**: Configuration for _Babel_ transpiler.
 - **.eslintignore**: List of files to be ignored in the linting process.
 - **.eslintrc.js:** Configuration for the linting using _eslint_.
 - **LICENSE**: Text file describing the license of the project.

### Building process

